Fcast revision1 (#4)
cmu-delphi/covidcast-pnas: forecast/paper/paper.tex

techniques, see e.g., \cite{Hyndman:2018}, we purposely constrain ourselves to
very simple models, avoiding common enhancements such as order selection,
correction of outliers/anomalies in the data, and inclusion of regularization or
nonlinearities.
% Addition in response to Reviewer 1
For the same reason, we do not account for any environmental factors that may
well aid in forecasting---age structure, variants, holidays,
reporting patterns, vaccination, public health measures, etc.
% End addition
That said, analyses of forecasts submitted to the COVID-19
Forecast Hub \cite{ForecastHub} by a large community of modelers have shown that
simple, robust models have consistently been among the best-performing over the
pandemic, including time series models similar to those we
consider in what follows.
% Added in response to Reviewer 2
\cite{Cramer:2021} investigates the performance of submitted forecasts for
state-level deaths and shows that time series models perform among the top 5.

> Our internal evaluations suggests that the same is true (at least, if not to a

Reviewer: suggest

Our take on this problem is in line with much of this literature; however, in
order to avoid making any explicit assumptions, we do not attempt to make formal 
significance statements, and instead, broadly examine the stability of our
conclusions with respect to numerous modes of analysis.
% Addition upon review

> We have included a section in the Supplement that examines two assumption-lean

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Supplement we examine two assumption-lean
```

This is extremely nitpicky, but it feels a little weird that this is the only sentence is past tense (vs present tense).  (I understand it's because we added it after the initial review, but for a reader without context that this was added after review, the tense switch might feel weird)
